[Music]
welcome to the seven-minute marketing
podcast with your host Pam did nerve as
a leading marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
camp created this podcast to share a
professional experience and insights and
help you achieve better alignment
between sales and marketing you enjoy
this podcast please share it with your
colleagues and leave a review on iTunes
now let's get started I have huge
respect for salespeople I do personally
I don't think I'm cut out to be a sales
rep the reason is that I don't take
rejection well
I take everything personally as if it's
my fault
so being told no thanks 20 to 30 times a
day is going to crush me needless to say
I haven't been doing any coke holes
Miley's tend to come from referrals
workshop and organic outrage from my
website and it has worked fairly well
for me but I want to increase my sales
pipeline so I decided to give virtual
Cocos a try there are many ways to do
that and I decided to use link teens
sales navigator and they emailed since
many of my prospects are on LinkedIn
anyway I knew I couldn't do this alone
I also knew that I needed someone to
help me out
Chang Anthony found me via virtual
Coco's on LinkedIn and I didn't respond
to his email right away but I liked the
content that he shared and also he
talked about his approaches he's a bit
salty but not too salty so I decided to
reach out plus he specializes in lead
generation and customer acquisition
using LinkedIn so that's exactly what
I'm looking for so the first thing that
we did is to identify my ideal customer
profile which is ICP I told him my peeps
happy to be enterprise marketers in a
manufacturing health care and the
financial services segments he also
drilled down on my ICP span points in
challenges at the same time I share
within my offerings I help b2b marketers
in content marketing sales enablement
and account based marketing based on my
offerings and my ICP spin points and
challenges we worked together to rewrite
my headlined and a profile summary on
LinkedIn we wanted to make sure that
it's very clear that people know exactly
what I do and offer in the past I
emphasize my Cobra experience
authorships
and a speakership in the headline but it
really didn't help explain what I do for
my clients so we change that so here is
my new headline a seller rating b2b
marketers contribution to sales with
content sales enablement and account
based marketing using proven methodology
I emphasize the keywords of a content
sales enablement and account based
marketing I also explained that I have a
process to do that and using different
words we also created a tagline so that
I can place below my signature on my
LinkedIn and this is my tagline very
similar helping p2b marketing teams
increased sales velocities through
content sales enablement and account
based marketing so you can tell is very
similar and the tagline is really part
of the email and people can immediately
understand what I do without going to my
profile the next things that we did is
to tackle the profile summary I started
by sharing my passion for creating
alignment between sales and marketing I
followed that with the three main
challenges that marketers encounter then
move on to explain how I address these
three challenges I move the blurbs about
author chefs and the speaker chefs to
the experience session so people search
on speakers for specific marketing
topics can still find me so here's a
quick side note
I have changing my LinkedIn headline and
profile at least 20 times in the past
five years the reason is that my
expertise and experience continue to
grow therefore I need to constantly
update my value propositions to reflect
that plus the secret of writing is
really rewriting it's amazing that I can
constantly find better ways to explain
Who I am and what I do a value
proposition is not something you do and
then just check off you need to
constantly evaluate what you do and what
you can offer in order to be competitive
once we were done with ICP headline
profile and a tagline now we were ready
to approach virtual cold calling and for
this we carefully crafted a sequence of
five emails the first email is very
simple and short that prospects know
that I'm reaching out because we share
some mutual connections something simple
like that is actually working to entice
people to accept my invitation to
connect the second email is a thank you
for connecting email and asks the
prospect whether I can be a resource to
them it finishes by letting them know
they can reach out to me any time if
they want to explore opportunities to
work together
the third email is a value add email I
created a relevant blog post for my ICP
I shared the link with them and asked
for their feedback
the fourth email is a meeting ask I
follow-up and check if they read my
content I also ask if they are open to a
phone call or a chat the fifth email is
the final email in it I remind them what
I do and ask them to contact me if they
ever need any help in the areas of
content marketing sales enablement and
account based marketing I also share a
free chapter from my latest book
effective sales enablement I use sales
navigator to find prospects
and reach out to a small number of a
prospects every day
it does require me to stay on top of Ed
and the follow through with them
consistently and here's some of my
findings after eight weeks of virtual
outreach approximately 35 percent of the
people we reach I'll accept my initial
invitation out of the 35 percent 80
percent failed to response to further
email and a 19 percent of them saying no
thank you
after the third or fourth email only 1%
requests a meeting and out of that 1%
50% actually attend a meeting and the
first 90 days are usually and kind of
like testing and experimentation where
we try to achieve a message to
market-match but here is my biggest
finding what we have noticed is that the
manufacturing companies with 51 to 1,000
employees have the best response rate
while large enterprise and companies
with 5,000 1 to 10,000 plus employees
have a poor response rate
they just don't respond to my email well
and that was counterintuitive to me
initially well since my experience is
enterprise therefore I try to align my
enterprise experience with enterprise
customers right but that's not the case
grant in my experience is enterprise but
the prospects that need my help and
expertise are the companies that are
growing into being an enterprise does
that make sense they are going through
growing pains and have so much to do on
top of it they also need strategy help
and that's really my sweet spot that's
where I can provide the most value add
so as a result of that I'll focus for
month 3 will be on companies with the
size of 51 to 1,000 employees so another
thing to share with everybody is kind of
like a personal observation for people
who say no some of them appreciate the
useful content I share but for some
people they
kind of nasty they are saying things
like hey you know what I don't
appreciate you looking for jobs on
LinkedIn well you know what that's one
thing teens for people on LinkedIn to
find jobs or work that's the way it is
but I understand your frustration of you
getting cold calls I get it I don't like
that either seems to purchase cycle for
the prospects to engage with me it's
about eight to twelve months I'm
planning to run this outreach for
several months
to see how it goes more up days to come
so my question to you is do you do any
virtual call calls how did I go share
you experience with me and that's keep
learning from each other all right
thanks a lot have a great day
[Music]
if you enjoyed this podcast we share it
with your colleagues and we review on
iTunes
[Music]